Aunty!
There is a speech by ר aura Soraär Aquarium fromiren.
That speech is about the crimes committed against the
хозя호파 Чер
Mobileगाा username
ah this Wginin
The Yoron is here.
If the Yoron does not become the crown,
I believe that the prefect will be run by himself.
Already in this election,
the Yoron has been in power for 25 years since the opening of the Imperial Court.
It is a very difficult situation to overcome the situation.
I still think that the situation is not perfect.
It is a time when the Yoron cannot stand.
I hope that the Yoron will not be the crown of the country's important election.
I still think that the power to move the whole election will not appear.
In any case, the whole election is a matter of development.
If the people do not want the whole election,
I think that the Yoron will not happen from the people's opinion.